This year our Greensboro office had a lot of fun raising food and money for some deserving organizations.  After taking a few quarters off, our charity committee selected Second Harvest Food Bank to be the charity we would support for the Orasi’s second quarter and running over into a little of our third quarter (August, September, October, Mid-November). Local food banks tend to run low during the winter months and we wanted to help make a difference by placing a little more on their shelves.  Through events like an Ice Cream Social, Bake Sale, Movie Day, and Dress Down Fridays we were able to collect canned/boxed food as well as monetary donations to give to Second Harvest.

In October, we had our most successful charity event to date – Pie a Manager.  This really engaged everyone for an afternoon of fun for a great cause! To make things even more interesting, Virginia Vestal pledged to match every food item/dollar raised during this event.  See the pictures below to relive some of the great fun! 
At the end of the initiative in mid-November, we had raised a total of $867.89 and six large boxes of food items for the Second Harvest Food Bank. They were very gracious for our support.

During Q3, the charity committee decided it would be best if we focused on our Angel Tree selections. For this initiative we had two children and three senior citizens who would otherwise receive very little if anything for the holidays.  The children, Isabella and Gabriella, wished for items like bikes, dolls, and Legos.  Our selected seniors, through Senior Resources of Guilford County, wished for gift certificates (each received a 50 dollar gift card to Lowes Foods), personal care items, clothing, grocery items, and other household items. Our Greensboro office did not disappoint and nearly 600 dollars worth of monetary donations and items for our Angel Tree children and seniors was raised and given.

To end the year, the Greensboro Charity Committee selected to support the Carver High School Robotics Competition Team. Carver High School is located in Kernersville, which is just to the West of our Greensboro office, near Winston-Salem, and serves a great deal of under-privileged kids.  Through the robotics team, children are able to have exposure to basic tool use, mechanical engineering, and computer programming which normally would be out of reach to many of these students.  By supporting these students in their efforts, many of them are gaining valuable technical, mechanical, and team building life skills that they will be able to apply throughout their lives.

Like always, there were fun events to partake in during the quarter to help raise funds for the Robotics Team.  These events included our weekly Dress Down Friday events, a Charity Raffle, and our ever popular March Madness bracket challenge. Overall our Greensboro office raised $850 in monetary donations, parts, and tools for the robotics team.  Because of your kindness in giving, we helped these children gain valuable life lessons!
A special thank you to all of those who are on the Greensboro Charity Initiative committee and of course all those who contributed to the initiatives during the year.  Through your kindness in giving, many lives were touched, probably more than you will ever know.  Watch for upcoming events pertaining to our next initiative, Brenner’s Children’s Hospital.
